GODKÄNT
    - One or more constants DONE
    - One or more arrays DONE
    - A random selection of an array index 
    - A dynamic assignment of a variable (ie using prompt) DONE
    - One or more while loops DONE
    - One or more for loops DONE
    - Comparision with user entered data DONE
    - A final won/lost message. User input !!MUST!! be the
        determining factor in wheter the user wins or loses DONE

VÄLGODKÄNT
    - Comparision with an array -- ie comparing user input to
        what is stored within an array --> make the user choose a weapon or character through an input, or roll the dice to assign the user a weapon DONE
    - Nested logic. Loops withing loops. DONE
    - Input validation (ex only letters are valid input) 
    - Cancel button handling
    - Semantic variable naming DONE
    - Consistent code style DONE
    - Logical use of conditionals DONE

IDEA
    Making a Dungeons and Dragons game. The user will have
    its "health bar" inside the alert and previous rolls too.
    The user clicks on confirm button to roll the dice, the 
    alert will show how much he rolled and what happens (ex. 
    can be "Roll to see if you can attack first and if the
    roll is between 1-10 the answer is no, higher is yes"). 
    If user ex doesn't attack first, put a random number of
    damage and get it subtracted from the health bar. Next
    the user will type if they want to ATTACK, DRINK A HEALTH
    BOTTLE, FLEE or REASONATE WITH ENEMY. When they choose
    and press confirm, another roll should start to see how
    effective these things will be. The enemy bar should also
    be displayed. 
    If reasonate with enemy is true: roll the dice and again
    the result will determine what happens. (thought// if they
    roll 1-10 the alert shows that the user said something bad
    about the enemy's mom and the enemy will attack, again show
    both health bars and reprise of fight). If 10-20 user 
    resonates with the enemy and they leave together holding 
    hands under a sunny sky and a rainbow.
    If flee is true, another roll: 1-10 user cannot flee, enermy
    grabs them by the hair and attacks user causing double damage.
    Battle will go on from there. If 10-20, user runs away as a
    Pamela Anderson's slow motion in Baywatch.
    If health bottle is true, another roll: if 1-10 the user 
    takes poison istead of health and loses health. if 10-20,
    health bar is increased.
    If attack is true: user will roll and the result of the 
    roll will determine how powerful the attack is. 1-10 user
    tries to melee the enemy but stumbles before they do (not
    very effective). If 10-20, user grabs sword and gets a 
    good attack on the enemy.
    When enemy's health bar <= 0 and user's > 0: user wins. (
    try to include that if the user has so little health, they
    die on the path to the nearest hospital).
    When user's health bar <=0 and enemy's > 0: user loses and
    enemy starts a fire to eat its body.


    